# Git Definitions

**Instructions: ** Define each of the following Git concepts.

* What is version control?  Why is it useful?
1.Version control is when you are able to create a repository to save all the different changes you made to the files within a folder. THey are helpful because when you accidently mess up on a piece of code you are able to go back through your changes and find were you made the mistake and correct it without having to one sift through large lines of code in big projects, instead you just look at your comments, in your commits, that tell you what you did in that change. So, you can go oh i think thats were it was and change it without having to start the code all over again and readjust it all in one fell swoop.
* What is a branch and why would you use one?
A branch is the save points or commits for your files in your repository folder, that extend from the head of the repository, which explained out is also known as the begging of the file. Or at least thats when you created the git for th file. Branches are great because they are like save points that you can go bakc and sift through to, so as to examine your code and sometimes reopen from that branch/save point to make changes without having having to completely change it all.
* What is a commit? What makes a good commit message?
A commit is when you commit to the changes after you added them to the repository. This means that you created a save spot of the files for you to refer back to. And when you commit them anytime afterward unless you go back and change up the branches of the file. But normally this means everytime you open the file after commiting it, it will start off and be left untouched from your last commit. A commit message would in clear language that any other coders could understand so they clearly get an idea of what was changed in the commit in a short but clear message.
* What is a merge conflict?
A merge conflict is when two or more coders who are working remotely or one is working remotely on a project that is shared through the same github repository. And they both make the same change on a file, like if it was a txt file and they both typed up or changed the sentence from ('yeah coding') to ('yay coding') when they both try to commit the git will get confused and go wait which change do i actually commit and it shoots out an error message and basically says hey you guys got to decide which one is the actuall change to be commited.